Is out there than anything goes
So
The first thing to notice is that this is
The conditional
And the antecedents and consequences are both sweeping generalizations
So
Anything is out there
Then
Anything Goes
Now
Here's where things get tricky
As the reading says
Hennything is kind of a trickster word
In some context anything means
Everything
And in other contexts
Anything means
Something or at least one thing
So
Here
Where it says anything goes so
If anything is out there than anything goes
If you think about what's meant here
Pretty clear
That this means
Everything
Goes
Everything is allowed
Which
In our
Steve abbreviation is
Everything is G
If anything is out there that doesn't mean if
Everything is out there
It means that if there's something out there
Then everything
Goes
So here this is
Something
Is out there is 0/0
So
If something is older than everything is G
If you aren't sure whether that's right
I don't have
A secret
Story to tell about why that's right
I just
Would ask you
To think about what that sentence means in English
You're a fluent speaker of English
So you have a sense of what that sentence means
And
As a fluent speaker of English
The question for you is
Given what that sentence means in English how can we represent it in PL
And
In order to represented in pl we really have to treat the first anything as meaning something
And the second anything is meaning everything
So from here it's pretty straightforward
Something is out there means that there's at least one thing that is 0
And
Everything goes means that for all things
Lego
And we
Have our answer to the problem
Like I say
Anyting
Is a very tricky word